=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

WebService::KVV::Live::Stop - Arrival times for Trams/Buses in the Karlsruhe metropolitan area


=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use WebService::KVV::Live:Stop;

    my $stop = WebService::KVV::Live::Stop->new("Siemensallee");
    print "Arrival time: $_{time} $_{what}\n" for $stop->departures;


=head1 DESCRIPTION

API for searching for bus/tram stops in the Karlsruhe Metropolitan Area (Karlsruhe Verkehrsvertriebe network to be exact) and for listing departure times at said stops.

=head1 IMPLEMENTATION

Not really an API, just a client for L<http://live.kvv.de>. See L<kvvlive.json|https://github.com/athreef/WebService-KVV-Live-Stop/blob/master/share/kvvlive.json> for details.

=head1 METHODS AND ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item new($latitude, $langitude), new($name), new($id)

Search for matching local transport stops. C<$id> are identifiers starting with C<"de:">. C<$name> need not be an exact match.

Returns a list of C<WebService::KVV::Live::Stop>s in list context. In scalar context returns the best match.

=item departures([$route])

Returns a list of departures for a WebService::KVV::Live::Stop. Results can be restricted to a particular route (Linie) by the optional argument.

=back

=head1 GIT REPOSITORY

L<http://github.com/athreef/WebService-KVV-Live-Stop>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<http://live.kvv.de>

=head1 AUTHOR

Ahmad Fatoum C<< <athreef@cpan.org> >>, L<http://a3f.at>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2016 Ahmad Fatoum

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
